docs: disable mfa prompt (#7063)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/guides/solution-scenarios/configurations.mdx

```

and remove the X-Frame-Options header.

### Disable Multi-factor (MFA) Prompt

> To encourage the users to more security for their accounts, a Multi-factor prompt is shown after a certain time, to allow them to configure an additional factor.
> The prompt is shown even if Multi-factor is not enforced for the users.
> 
> If you do want to disable the prompt for your users, go to the login behaviour settings and set the "Multifactor Init Lifetime" to 0.
> If the setting is not configured to 0, it means that after that time, the user will be asked to setup a factor again.
> 
> ![Login Behaviour Settings: Multi-factor init lifetime](/img/guides/scenarios/login-settings-mfa-init-lifetime.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To encourage the users to more security for their accounts, a multi-factor prompt is shown after a certain time, to prompt them to configure an additional factor.
This prompt is shown even if multi-factor is not enforced for the users.

If you do want to disable the prompt for your users, go to the login behavior settings and set the "Multifactor Init Lifetime" to 0.
If the setting is not configured to 0, it means that after that time, the user will be asked again to setup a factor.

![Login Behavior Settings: Multi-factor init lifetime](/img/guides/scenarios/login-settings-mfa-init-lifetime.png)
```

Reviewer: Thanks for this, one question though:

What does happen with subzero time values?

Author: I actually don't know what happens with subzero values, in my opinion it doesn't make sense to send them. 
Will have to check
